# Raw Experiment Results

This folder includes all the raw experiment results.

### General Evaluation

Statistics of the local KGs generated from different dataset using different models. Statistics includes:

- tokens: length of the original paper
- entities: entity count in the output kg
- mentions: mention count in the output kg
- relations_total: relation count in the output kg
- relations_normal: general relation count in the output kg
- relations_typing: taxonomic relation count in the output kg
- isolated_entities: number of entities that do no link to other entities, excluding the taxonomic relations.
- isolated_entities_typing: number of entities that do no link to other entities

[./gen_ASKG_g.csv](./gen_ASKG_g.csv): the Five-Paper dataset, GPT

[./gen_ASKG_l.csv](./gen_ASKG_l.csv): the Five-Paper dataset, LLaMA

[./gen_SciERC_g.csv](./gen_SciERC_g.csv): the SciERC dataset, GPT

[./gen_SciERC_l.csv](./gen_SciERC_l.csv): the SciERC dataset, LLaMA


### Reverse Engineering Test

Similarity scores between the original documents and the synthesised documents. The synthesised documents are created from the KGs generated from different dataset using different LLMs

[./re_ASKG_g.json](./re_ASKG_g.json): the Five-Paper dataset, GPT

[./re_ASKG_l.json](./re_ASKG_l.json): the Five-Paper dataset, LLaMA

[./re_SciERC_g.json](./re_SciERC_g.json): the SciERC dataset, GPT

[./re_SciERC_l.json](./re_SciERC_l.json): the SciERC dataset, LLaMA

### RAG Test

Similarity scores between the expected answer and the actual answers. Five papers are used in this test, each with ten question, and therefore, a total of 5 * 10 = 50 questions.

The 50 questions are answered in three way:

- Use the local KGs generated by GPT to answer questions through graph-based RAG.
- Use the local KGs generated by LLaMA to answer questions through graph-based RAG.
- Use the input DDM of the pipeline to answer questions through normal RAG, i.e., directly retrieve sentences similar to the query as the supplementary resource for answer the query.

[./rag_LKG_g.json](./rag_LKG_g.json): using KGs generated by GPT
[./rag_LKG_l.json](./rag_LKG_l.json): using KGs generated by LLaMA
[./rag_DDM_l.json](./rag_DDM_l.json): using DDM